SSH key (#8628)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_bastion-server.md

Use an SSH tunnel when your {props.redshift}{props.postgresalloydb} instance is not publicly accessible and must be reached through a [bastion server](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-redshift#about-the-bastion-server-in-aws). When enabled, <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> connects to your database by first establishing a secure connection to the bastion host, which then forwards traffic to your database.

To configure a connection using an SSH tunnel:

1. Navigate to **Account settings** (by clicking on your account name in the left side menu) and select **Connections**.
2. Select an existing connection to edit it, or click **+ New connection**.
3. In **Connection settings**, ensure **SSH Tunnel Enabled** is checked.
4. Enter the hostname, username, and port for the bastion server.

<Lightbox
  src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/postgres-redshift-ssh-tunnel.png"
  width="70%"
  title="A public key is generated after saving"
/>

> 5. Click **Save**. <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> generates and displays a public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save**. <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> generates and displays a public key.
6. Copy the newly generated public key to the bastion server and add it to the server’s `authorized_keys` file to authorize <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to connect through the bastion host. If the new key is not added, the SSH tunnel connection will fail.

```

  :::important

>    Each time you create and save a new SSH tunnel connection, <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> generates a unique SSH key pair, even when the connection details are identical to an existing connection. Copy the newly generated public key to the bastion server and add it to the server’s `authorized_keys` file to authorize <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to connect through the bastion host. If the new key is not added, the SSH tunnel connection will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Each time you create and save a new SSH tunnel connection, <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> generates a unique SSH key pair, even when the connection details are identical to an existing connection. 
```

Use an SSH tunnel when your {props.redshift}{props.postgresalloydb} instance is not publicly accessible and must be reached through a [bastion server](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-redshift#about-the-bastion-server-in-aws). When enabled, <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> connects to your database by first establishing a secure connection to the bastion host, which then forwards traffic to your database.

To configure a connection using an SSH tunnel:

1. Navigate to **Account settings** (by clicking on your account name in the left side menu) and select **Connections**.
2. Select an existing connection to edit it, or click **+ New connection**.
3. In **Connection settings**, ensure **SSH Tunnel Enabled** is checked.
4. Enter the hostname, username, and port for the bastion server.

<Lightbox
  src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/postgres-redshift-ssh-tunnel.png"
  width="70%"
  title="A public key is generated after saving"
/>

5. Click **Save**. <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> generates and displays a public key.

>    Each time you create and save a new SSH tunnel connection in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, a new SSH key pair is generated. Even if the connection details are identical to an existing connection, the public key will be unique.

Reviewer: Some wording suggestions to make active. 

Also, maybe this should be an indented note? `:::important`
```suggestion
   Each time you create and save a new SSH tunnel connection, <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> generates a new SSH key pair. Even when the connection details are identical to an existing connection, the newly created public key will be unique.
```

> 6. Copy the public key to the bastion server to authorize <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to connect to your database through the bastion server.

Reviewer: There seems to be some duplicate content between this and the sub paragraph. Can you combine them?
